
.. _st_stm32mp151:

STM32MP151
===================

.. versionadded:: 5.0

.. contents::

Usage
-----

.. code-block:: bash

    pio package publish [<source directory, tar.gz or zip>] [OPTIONS]


Description
-----------

Publish a package to the registry so that it can be installed by name.
All files in the package directory are included if ``export`` field is not declared
in a package manifest (for example, see :ref:`stm32`).
The `next items <https://github.com/platformio/platformio-core/blob/master/platformio/package/pack.py#L33>`__ are
automatically excluded.

Please check which files will be included in the final package using the
:ref:`st_stm32mp157` command.

Once a package is published with a given name and version, that specific name and
version combination can never be used again, even if it is removed with the
:ref:`st_stm32mp153` command.

If no arguments are supplied, then PlatformIO packs the current package folder.

To list published packages, please use :ref:`stm32` command.

Options
~~~~~~~

.. program:: pio package publish

.. option::
    --owner

:ref:`stm32` username (can be organization username). The default is set to a
username of the authorized :ref:`stm32`.

.. option::
    --released-at

Custom release date and time in the next format (UTC): 2014-06-13 17:08:52

.. option::
    --private

.. note::
    The permission to set custom release dates and times is only available to Super Admins.

Restrict access to a package (will not be available publicly). The default is to publish
a package publicly.

.. option::
  --no-notify

Do not notify by email when package is processed. The default behavior is to notify.

.. option::
  --non-interactive

Do not show interactive prompt.

See Also
--------

* :ref:`wch_ch573`
* :ref:`st_stm32mp157`
* :ref:`st_stm32mp153`
